𝐇𝐞𝐥𝐥𝐨, 𝐓𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐢𝐬 𝐊𝐚𝐳, 𝐈 𝐩𝐥𝐚𝐲 𝐟𝐨𝐫 𝐭𝐡𝐞 𝐠𝐚𝐦𝐞 ‘𝐩𝐨𝐧𝐲𝐭𝐨𝐰𝐧’ 𝐚𝐬
𝐦𝐨𝐬𝐭 𝐨𝐟 𝐲𝐨𝐮 𝐩𝐫𝐨𝐛𝐚𝐛𝐥𝐲 𝐩𝐥𝐚𝐲 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬 𝐠𝐚𝐦𝐞 𝐭𝐡𝐚𝐭’𝐬 𝐰𝐡𝐲 𝐲𝐨𝐮 𝐜𝐥𝐢𝐜𝐤𝐞𝐝 𝐨𝐧 𝐭𝐡𝐢𝐬.

𝐎𝐤𝐚𝐲, 𝐥𝐞𝐭’𝐬 𝐠𝐞𝐭 𝐭𝐨 𝐤𝐧𝐨𝐰 𝐦𝐞 𝐦𝐨𝐫𝐞 !

𝐵𝐴𝑆𝐼𝐶 𝐼𝑁𝐹𝑂𝑅𝑀𝐴𝑇𝐼𝑂𝑁:
ɴᴀᴍᴇ (ᴘʀᴇғᴇʀᴀʙʟᴇ ɴᴀᴍᴇs ᴛᴏ ʙᴇ ᴇxᴀᴄᴛ.) :
𝙆𝘼𝙕 / 𝙆𝘼𝙕𝙕𝙔 

ᴀɢᴇ : 15 𝙔𝙚𝙖𝙧𝙨 𝙊𝙡𝙙 ( ᴛᴜʀɴɪɴɢ 16 sᴏᴏɴ ! ) 

ʙɪʀᴛʜᴅᴀʏ: 𝙈𝙖𝙧𝙘𝙝 31ˢᵗ

ʟᴏᴄᴀᴛɪᴏɴ : 𝙋𝙝𝙞𝙡𝙞𝙥𝙥𝙞𝙣𝙚𝙨 ( ʙᴜᴛ ɪ ᴛᴇɴᴅ ᴛᴏ ᴘᴜᴛ ᴄᴀɴᴀᴅᴀ
ᴀʟᴏᴛ ɪɴ ᴍʏ sᴛᴜғғ, ɪ ʟᴏᴠᴇ ᴄᴀɴᴀᴅᴀ ᴏᴋ )

ɴᴀᴛɪᴏɴᴀʟɪᴛʏ : 𝙁𝙞𝙡𝙞𝙥𝙞𝙣𝙤

sᴛᴀᴛᴜs : 𝙎𝙞𝙣𝙜𝙡𝙚

sᴇxᴜᴀʟɪᴛʏ : 𝙋𝙖𝙣𝙨𝙚𝙭𝙪𝙖𝙡

ʜᴏʙʙɪᴇs: 𝘿𝙧𝙖𝙬𝙞𝙣𝙜, 𝙋𝙖𝙞𝙣𝙩𝙞𝙣𝙜 ( sᴏᴍᴇᴛɪᴍᴇs ʙᴜᴛ ɴᴏᴛ ᴀʟᴡᴀʏs ),
𝙇𝙞𝙨𝙩𝙚𝙣𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙩𝙤 𝙈𝙪𝙨𝙞𝙘, 𝙋𝙡𝙖𝙮𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙜𝙖𝙢𝙚𝙨 𝙡𝙞𝙠𝙚 𝙈𝙞𝙣𝙚𝙘𝙧𝙖𝙛𝙩,
𝙒𝙖𝙩𝙘𝙝𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙔𝙤𝙪𝙩𝙪𝙗𝙚

ғᴀɴᴅᴏᴍs ᴛʜᴀᴛ ɪ ᴄᴜʀʀᴇɴᴛʟʏ ᴀᴍ ɪɴ : 𝙃𝙚𝙖𝙩𝙚𝙙 𝙍𝙞𝙫𝙖𝙡𝙧𝙮, 𝙈𝙮 𝙃𝙚𝙧𝙤 𝘼𝙘𝙖𝙙𝙚𝙢𝙞𝙖,
𝘽𝙡𝙪𝙚 𝙇𝙤𝙘𝙠, 𝙁𝙞𝙫𝙚 𝙉𝙞𝙜𝙝𝙩𝙨 𝙖𝙩 𝙁𝙧𝙚𝙙𝙙𝙮’𝙨, 𝙁𝙧𝙞𝙙𝙖𝙮 𝙉𝙞𝙜𝙝𝙩 𝙁𝙪𝙣𝙠𝙞𝙣’,
𝙋𝙤𝙠é𝙢𝙤𝙣 𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙢𝙖𝙣𝙮 𝙢𝙤𝙧𝙚 ( ᴀsᴋ ɪғ ʏᴏᴜ ᴋɴᴏᴡ ᴛʜᴇ ғᴀɴᴅᴏᴍ
ʏᴏᴜ ᴀʀᴇ ɪɴ ᴀɴᴅ ɪ ᴍɪɢʜᴛ ᴀɴsᴡᴇʀ ᴛʜᴀᴛ ᴡʜᴇɴ ʏᴏᴜ ɪɴᴛ ᴛᴏ ᴍᴇ )

ʟɪᴋᴇs: 𝙔𝙖𝙥𝙥𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙖𝙗𝙤𝙪𝙩 𝙬𝙝𝙖𝙩 𝙄 𝙡𝙤𝙫𝙚, 𝘽𝙇 ( ʙᴏʏ ʟᴏᴠᴇʀs ),
𝘾𝙪𝙙𝙙𝙡𝙚𝙨/𝙃𝙪𝙜𝙨/𝙆𝙞𝙨𝙨𝙚𝙨, 𝘾𝙤𝙢𝙥𝙡𝙞𝙢𝙚𝙣𝙩𝙨 ( ʏᴏᴜ ᴡɪʟʟ ᴀᴄᴛᴜᴀʟʟʏ ᴍᴀᴋᴇ ᴍᴇ
ʏᴏᴜʀ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅ ɪɴsᴛᴀɴᴛʟʏ ), 𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙗𝙖𝙨𝙞𝙘𝙖𝙡𝙡𝙮 𝙖𝙣𝙮 𝙣𝙞𝙘𝙚
𝙨𝙩𝙪𝙛𝙛 𝙮𝙤𝙪 𝙘𝙖𝙣 𝙩𝙚𝙡𝙡 𝙢𝙚 !

ᴅɪsʟɪᴋᴇs: 𝙋𝙚𝙤𝙥𝙡𝙚 𝙬𝙝𝙤 𝙖𝙧𝙚 𝙤𝙛𝙛𝙚𝙣𝙨𝙞𝙫𝙚, 𝙣𝙤 𝙧𝙚𝙨𝙥𝙚𝙘𝙩,
𝙝𝙖𝙫𝙚 𝙢𝙖𝙡𝙞𝙘𝙞𝙤𝙪𝙨 𝙞𝙣𝙩𝙚𝙣𝙩 𝙤𝙧 𝙥𝙧𝙚𝙙𝙖𝙩𝙤𝙧𝙞𝙖𝙡 𝙞𝙣𝙩𝙚𝙣𝙩, 𝙖𝙧𝙚 𝙘𝙧𝙚𝙚𝙥𝙮,
𝙖𝙧𝙚 𝙝𝙤𝙢𝙤𝙥𝙝𝙤𝙗𝙞𝙘𝙨 𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙥𝙚𝙤𝙥𝙡𝙚 𝙬𝙝𝙤 𝙖𝙧𝙚 𝙩𝙤𝙤 𝙗𝙤𝙧𝙚𝙙 𝙞𝙣 𝙩𝙝𝙚𝙞𝙧 𝙡𝙞𝙫𝙚𝙨 𝙖𝙣𝙙
𝙘𝙝𝙤𝙨𝙚 𝙢𝙚𝙣𝙖𝙘𝙚 𝙩𝙤 𝙩𝙝𝙚 𝙨𝙤𝙘𝙞𝙚𝙩𝙮. ( ғᴜᴄᴋ ʏᴏᴜ ᴀʟʟ. )

𝑊ℎ𝑒𝑟𝑒 𝑡𝑜 𝑠𝑒𝑒 𝑚𝑒 𝑖𝑛 𝑡ℎ𝑒 𝑃𝑜𝑛𝑦 𝑇𝑜𝑤𝑛 𝑚𝑎𝑝: 

✦ — ɪ ᴡᴏᴜʟᴅ ɴᴏʀᴍᴀʟʟʏ ʙᴇ ɴᴇᴀʀʙʏ ʙᴀᴋᴇʀʏ ᴏʀ sᴏᴍᴇᴛɪᴍᴇs
ɪɴ ᴛʜᴇ ᴍʏ ʜᴇʀᴏ ᴀᴄᴀᴅᴇᴍɪᴀ ᴀʀᴇᴀ ᴛᴏ ᴄᴜᴅᴅʟᴇ ᴀʟᴏɴɢ ᴡɪᴛʜ sᴏᴍᴇ ғʀɪᴇɴᴅs.

𝑊ℎ𝑎𝑡 𝑝𝑜𝑛𝑦 𝑠𝑘𝑖𝑛 𝐼 𝑢𝑠𝑢𝑎𝑙𝑙𝑦 𝑤𝑒𝑎𝑟 :

• 𝙎𝙝𝙖𝙣𝙚 𝙃𝙤𝙡𝙡𝙖𝙣𝙙𝙚𝙧 𝙛𝙧𝙤𝙢 𝙃𝙚𝙖𝙩𝙚𝙙 𝙍𝙞𝙫𝙖𝙡𝙧𝙮
• 𝙄𝙡𝙮𝙖 𝙍𝙤𝙯𝙖𝙣𝙤𝙫 𝙛𝙧𝙤𝙢 𝙃𝙚𝙖𝙩𝙚𝙙 𝙍𝙞𝙫𝙖𝙡𝙧𝙮
• 𝙆𝙖𝙩𝙨𝙪𝙠𝙞 𝘽𝙖𝙠𝙪𝙜𝙤 𝙛𝙧𝙤𝙢 𝙈𝙮 𝙃𝙚𝙧𝙤 𝘼𝙘𝙖𝙙𝙚𝙢𝙞𝙖
• 𝙄𝙯𝙪𝙠𝙪 𝙈𝙞𝙙𝙤𝙧𝙞𝙮𝙖 𝙛𝙧𝙤𝙢 𝙈𝙮 𝙃𝙚𝙧𝙤 𝘼𝙘𝙖𝙙𝙚𝙢𝙞𝙖
• 𝙈𝙞𝙘𝙝𝙚𝙖𝙡 𝘼𝙛𝙩𝙤𝙣 ( ғᴏxʏʙʀᴏ ) 𝙛𝙧𝙤𝙢 𝙁𝙉𝘼𝙁
• 𝙄𝙨𝙖𝙜𝙞 𝙔𝙤𝙞𝙘𝙝𝙞 𝙛𝙧𝙤𝙢 𝘽𝙡𝙪𝙚 𝙇𝙤𝙘𝙠
• 𝘼𝙣𝙙𝙧𝙚𝙬 𝙔𝙤𝙪𝙣𝙜 𝙛𝙧𝙤𝙢 𝙉𝙚𝙧𝙙 𝙋𝙧𝙤𝙟𝙚𝙘𝙩

& ᴍᴀɴʏ ᴍᴏʀᴇ ᴛᴏ ᴄᴏᴍᴇ ( ᴡʜᴇɴ ɪ ʜᴀᴠᴇ ᴍᴏᴛɪᴠᴀᴛɪᴏɴ ᴏғ ᴄᴏᴜʀsᴇ... )


𝑊𝑎𝑟𝑛𝑖𝑛𝑔𝑠 𝑦𝑜𝑢 𝑠ℎ𝑜𝑢𝑙𝑑 𝑏𝑒 𝑎𝑤𝑎𝑟𝑒 𝑜𝑓 𝑓𝑟𝑜𝑚 𝑚𝑒 :

➫ 𝙄 𝙝𝙖𝙫𝙚 𝙖𝙣𝙜𝙚𝙧 𝙞𝙨𝙨𝙪𝙚𝙨, 𝙄 𝙜𝙚𝙩 𝙚𝙖𝙨𝙞𝙡𝙮 𝙖𝙜𝙞𝙩𝙖𝙩𝙚𝙙,
𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙨𝙤 𝙥𝙡𝙚𝙖𝙨𝙚 𝙗𝙚 𝙖𝙬𝙖𝙧𝙚 𝙗𝙚𝙛𝙤𝙧𝙚 𝙖𝙥𝙥𝙧𝙤𝙖𝙘𝙝𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙢𝙚.

➫ 𝙄 𝙩𝙖𝙠𝙚 𝙨𝙩𝙪𝙛𝙛 𝙬𝙖𝙮 𝙩𝙤𝙤 𝙨𝙚𝙧𝙞𝙤𝙪𝙨𝙡𝙮 𝙗𝙪𝙩 𝙄 𝙩𝙚𝙣𝙙 𝙩𝙤 𝙗𝙚 𝙛𝙧𝙚𝙖𝙠𝙮
𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙟𝙤𝙠𝙚 𝙖𝙡𝙤𝙩 𝙨𝙤 𝙙𝙤 𝙣𝙤𝙩 𝙗𝙚 𝙬𝙤𝙧𝙧𝙞𝙚𝙙 𝙩𝙤𝙤 𝙢𝙪𝙘𝙝,
𝙗𝙪𝙩 𝙄 𝙩𝙚𝙣𝙙 𝙩𝙤 𝙗𝙚 𝙧𝙖𝙩𝙝𝙚𝙧... 𝙞𝙣𝙩𝙚𝙣𝙨𝙚.

➫ 𝙄 𝙝𝙖𝙫𝙚 𝙞𝙣𝙙𝙞𝙘𝙖𝙩𝙞𝙤𝙣𝙨 𝙙𝙚𝙥𝙚𝙣𝙙𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙤𝙣 𝙝𝙤𝙬 𝙄 𝙖𝙢 𝙤𝙧 𝙝𝙤𝙬 𝙢𝙮 𝙢𝙤𝙤𝙙 𝙞𝙨...
( 𝙸 𝚠𝚘𝚞𝚕𝚍 𝚋𝚎 𝚎𝚗𝚍𝚒𝚗𝚐 𝚠𝚒𝚝𝚑 𝚊 𝚙𝚎𝚛𝚒𝚘𝚍 𝚘𝚛 𝚊 𝚍𝚘𝚝 𝚒𝚗 𝚝𝚑𝚎 𝚎𝚗𝚍 𝚘𝚏 𝚖𝚢
𝚜𝚎𝚗𝚝𝚎𝚗𝚌𝚎𝚜 𝚠𝚑𝚎𝚗 𝙸 𝚊𝚖 𝚊𝚐𝚒𝚝𝚊𝚝𝚎𝚍, 𝚜𝚎𝚛𝚒𝚘𝚞𝚜 𝚘𝚛 𝚏𝚞𝚛𝚒𝚘𝚞𝚜 𝚘𝚛 𝚠𝚑𝚎𝚗 𝙸 𝚊𝚖 
𝚏𝚘𝚛𝚖𝚊𝚕𝚕𝚢 𝚜𝚙𝚎𝚊𝚔𝚒𝚗𝚐, 𝚊𝚗𝚍 𝙸 𝚠𝚘𝚞𝚕𝚍 𝚙𝚞𝚝 𝚘𝚗 𝚌𝚊𝚙𝚜𝚕𝚘𝚌𝚔 / 𝚞𝚙𝚙𝚎𝚛𝚌𝚊𝚜𝚎 
𝚝𝚎𝚡𝚝𝚒𝚗𝚐 𝚠𝚑𝚎𝚗 𝙸 𝚊𝚖 𝚑𝚊𝚙𝚙𝚢, 𝚑𝚢𝚙𝚎𝚛, 𝚊𝚗𝚍 𝚏𝚛𝚎𝚊𝚔𝚢,
𝚝𝚑𝚘𝚜𝚎 𝚊𝚛𝚎 𝚝𝚑𝚎 𝚖𝚊𝚒𝚗 𝚝𝚠𝚘 𝚝𝚑𝚒𝚗𝚐𝚜 𝚢𝚘𝚞 𝚜𝚑𝚘𝚞𝚕𝚍 𝚕𝚘𝚘𝚔 𝚊𝚏𝚝𝚎𝚛 𝚏𝚘𝚛.)

➫ 𝙏𝙝𝙞𝙨 𝙪𝙨𝙚𝙧 𝙞𝙨 𝙖 𝙨𝙚𝙣𝙨𝙞𝙩𝙞𝙫𝙚 𝙪𝙨𝙚𝙧, 𝙨𝙤 𝙮𝙚𝙨, 𝙄 𝙩𝙖𝙠𝙚 𝙤𝙛𝙛𝙚𝙣𝙨𝙚 𝙚𝙖𝙨𝙞𝙡𝙮,
𝙗𝙪𝙩 𝙩𝙝𝙖𝙩 𝙙𝙤𝙚𝙨 𝙣𝙤𝙩 𝙢𝙚𝙖𝙣 𝙮𝙤𝙪 𝙨𝙝𝙤𝙪𝙡𝙙 𝙥𝙞𝙩𝙮 𝙢𝙚.
𝙆𝙖𝙯 𝙞𝙨 𝙬𝙖𝙨 𝙢𝙤𝙧𝙚 𝙩𝙤𝙪𝙜𝙝 𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙨𝙩𝙧𝙤𝙣𝙜 𝙩𝙝𝙖𝙣 𝙮𝙤𝙪 𝙚𝙭𝙥𝙚𝙘𝙩
𝙙𝙚𝙨𝙥𝙞𝙩𝙚 𝙩𝙝𝙖𝙩 𝙄 𝙘𝙖𝙣 𝙗𝙚 𝙨𝙚𝙣𝙨𝙞𝙩𝙞𝙫𝙚.

𝐼𝑛𝑡’𝑠 :
𝘽𝙇 𝙡𝙤𝙫𝙚𝙧 ( ᴀᴜᴛᴏᴍᴀᴛɪᴄ ɪɴᴛ ғᴏʀ ʜᴇᴀᴛᴇᴅ ʀɪᴠᴀʟʀʏ ғᴀɴs ),
𝘼𝙣𝙞𝙢𝙚 𝙇𝙤𝙫𝙚𝙧𝙨, 𝙋𝙚𝙤𝙥𝙡𝙚 𝙡𝙤𝙤𝙠𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙛𝙤𝙧 𝘾+𝙃,
𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙥𝙚𝙤𝙥𝙡𝙚 𝙬𝙝𝙤 𝙙𝙤𝙣’𝙩 𝙝𝙖𝙗𝙚 𝙖𝙣𝙮 𝙝𝙤𝙢𝙤𝙥𝙝𝙤𝙗𝙞𝙖
𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙝𝙖𝙫𝙚 𝙧𝙚𝙨𝙥𝙚𝙘𝙩 𝙛𝙤𝙧 𝙚𝙫𝙚𝙧𝙮𝙤𝙣𝙚 !

𝐷𝑛𝑖’𝑠 :
𝙋𝙧𝙚𝙙𝙖𝙩𝙤𝙧𝙨 / 𝙋𝙚𝙙𝙤𝙥𝙝𝙞𝙡𝙚𝙨 / 𝙂𝙧𝙤𝙤𝙢𝙚𝙧𝙨,
𝙃𝙤𝙢𝙤𝙥𝙝𝙤𝙗𝙞𝙘𝙨, 𝙊𝙛𝙛𝙚𝙣𝙨𝙞𝙫𝙚 𝙥𝙚𝙤𝙥𝙡𝙚, 𝙃𝙮𝙥𝙤𝙘𝙧𝙞𝙩𝙚𝙨,
𝙏𝙬𝙤-𝙛𝙖𝙘𝙚𝙙 𝙥𝙚𝙤𝙥𝙡𝙚, 𝙆𝙞𝙙𝙨 𝙗𝙚𝙡𝙤𝙬 11-12 𝙮𝙚𝙖𝙧𝙨 𝙤𝙡𝙙 𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝘼𝙙𝙪𝙡𝙩𝙨 18-19 𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙖𝙗𝙤𝙫𝙚
𝙖𝙣𝙙 𝙥𝙚𝙤𝙥𝙡𝙚 𝙬𝙝𝙤 𝙘𝙝𝙤𝙨𝙚 𝙣𝙤𝙩𝙝𝙞𝙣𝙜 𝙗𝙪𝙩 𝙫𝙞𝙤𝙡𝙚𝙣𝙘𝙚
( ᴀɢᴀɪɴ, ғᴜᴄᴋ ʏᴏᴜ ᴀʟʟ ᴇxᴄᴇᴘᴛ ғᴏʀ ᴛʜᴇ ᴋɪᴅs ᴀɴᴅ ᴀᴅᴜʟᴛs,
ᴡᴇ ᴀʀᴇɴ’ᴛ ᴄᴏᴍᴘᴀᴛɪʙʟᴇ ʙʏ ᴀɢᴇ sᴏ ʏᴏᴜ ɢᴜʏs ᴄᴀɴ’ᴛ ɪɴᴛ ᴛᴏ ᴍᴇ, 
ᴀᴘᴏʟɢɪᴇs. )
